My current romantic partner names Alice Le. We have been dating for more than for years up to now. Speaking of stages, I believe that we have been on many of those stages, except the last one. 
1.	At the first day we met, which is the initialing stage, we had been friends before at that moment, but we don’t really talk to each other. At this stage, we basically introduce ourselves and couple more information about careers.
2.	When we start get to know each other a bit better, which is Intensifying Stage. I asked her about some more specific topics such as her jobs and her experience on things. The most important thing that I found at this stage is that we stopped being too formal to each other like before.
3.	After couple months, this time was around New Year Eve. We started to party with friend and officially announced that we are a couple. After that, we spent a lot of time together and moved in together. This stage can be considered as Bonding Stage.
4.	We really thought that things will go on well forever. However, after couple months, we started to care about individual more than both. We both could tell that we became less benevolent to each other on many certain topics that we usually agree with each other back in the day. The important point that marks this stage is that we freely show each other our carelessness without an attempt to hide it. This stage can be considered as Differentiating Stage.
5.	I was a good student in STEM courses when we were dating and usually, whenever I got a low score or bad credit, I would tell her. However, somehow we felt afraid of letting each other know about our weakness, so I decided to stop telling her about my status in school even though I got a bad grade. She did the same thing, she avoided to talk about those topics that could lead to an argument and she replaced that by talking about other generalities of our life. This stage can be considered as Circumscribing Stage.
6.	We had been crying since that happened and we realized that we could not live without each other. I tried to pull her back to me and get things back to normal, thus I bought her a pair of shoe and I kept asking her to hang out. Then things started to get better, we dated a couple times and all the feelings slowly charged up. We both knew for ourselves that this will be back to the good old day. We have been spending our relationship like that up to now and nothing have changed much. At this stage, I would say it completely reversed from Circumscribing Stage to Bonding Stage.
